# NYC Citi Bike Analysis
For this project, I creaed a visualization of different McDonalds locations in order to show the viewer the proximity they had to one another using Tableau. I first went into Excel and merged both excel files with the McDonalds data from both Des Moines, Iowa and New York City/Manhattan, New York. Then using this data, I created visualizations in two different worksheets of the locations in a larger map and the total number of restaurants in another worksheet. Then I was ready to create my story. I put the longitude in the Columns section and the latitude in the Rows section and then selected Dimension for both to display the map for each area. After this I showed the relative distance by zooming in over New York for one and Des Moines for another. My final analysis on this question I originally answered of what the density of New York and Des Moines was when it came to McDonalds Restaurants is located in my .twbx file. For the New York Analysis I put: "Looking at the density of the McDonalds restaurants in New York/Brooklyn, the McDonalds all seem to be within reasonable biking distance from eachother indicating that a biking audience who love McDonalds would be able to get to each. The only hurdle here is the fact that Manhattan is separated by water so they would have to take the bike across on a boat which could add a sunk cost." For the Des Moines Analysis I put: "In Des Moines, the McDonalds are all landlocked and about as dense as New York without the hurdle of getting across the Hudson River. This would seem even more reasonable to implement a bike-sharing business in Des Moines, for people who love to bike and love McDonalds burgers!" Finally, the conclusion added up all my thoughts in what my decision is: "Conclusion: The bike-sharing business could be even more profitable in Des Moines than the already implemented bike-sharing business in New York due to the land locked aspect of it and the fact that people who are going to McDonalds want quick, cheap eating and not the extra expenses of going across the Hudson River and East River - basically negating the fact that New York/Brooklyn have 26 McDonalds to Des Moines 20." I believe McDonalds Restaurants ultimately will affect where people go in the city because they are dense and all over a whopping 26 in New York all around the city and 20 in Des Moines pretty densely populated throughout. Basically, there will be a McDonalds in whatever area you are in, and they really are not that far apart due to the high numbers, so biking will NOT be an issue. Go forward with the bike-sharking business in Des Moines, Iowa.
## Dashboard Link
[link to dashboard](https://public.tableau.com/profile/hunter.varner#!/vizhome/McDonaldsChallenge/Locations)
